docs(tutorials): tutorials review week 47/2022 (#1019)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/netdata-monitoring/index.mdx

2. Point it to `http://<netdata_instance_ip>:19999/` (replace `<netdata_instance_ip>` with the public IP address of your instance.)
3. The Netdata dashboard displays:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-netdata-dashboard.webp" alt="" />

By default Netdata monitors a wide list of services on the machine. Browse around to see the details of all of them.

## Adding multiple nodes into Netdata

Netdata is a distributed application, and it is possible to add multiple nodes to a single account.

1. From the Netdata dashboard, click **Sign in**.
2. The Netdata Cloud splash screen displays. Enter your email address to generate a magic link. Alternatively, use a [Google](https://account.google.com/) or [GitHub](https://www.github.com/) account to authenticate.
3. Click the magic link, sent to the email address entered in the previous step.2. The Netdata Cloud splash screen displays. Enter your email address to generate a magic link. Alternatively, use a [Google](https://account.google.com/) or [GitHub](https://www.github.com/) account to authenticate.
3. Click the magic link, sent to the email address entered in the previous step.

## Configuring additional metrics

> Netdata comes by default with a broad range of internal plugins to [gather system statistics](https://docs.netdata.cloud/collectors/). To collect non-system metrics, Netdata supports many data collection plugins for various softwares, like web servers, load balancers, mail servers and more. While **internal** plugins are written in the `C` programming language and run as threads inside the `netdata` daemon, **external** plugins may be written in any programming language and are spawn as independent long-running processes by the `netdata` daemon and communicate with the `netdata` daemon via `pipes` (`stdout` communication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Netdata comes by default with a broad range of internal plugins to [gather system statistics](https://docs.netdata.cloud/collectors/). To collect non-system metrics, Netdata supports many data collection plugins for various software, like web servers, load balancers, mail servers and more. While **internal** plugins are written in the `C` programming language and run as threads inside the `netdata` daemon, **external** plugins may be written in any programming language and are spawned as independent long-running processes by the `netdata` daemon and communicate with the `netdata` daemon via `pipes` (`stdout` communication).
```
